a demo on our gene expression tool so on
our first page we just have the
motivation and background for our data
and as well as a link to the raw data if
the users want to just learn more about
where the data came from and see it in
file form so to look at the
visualization the first one is on the
second tab where the user inputs two
genes they want to look at and hit
submit
and then it produces a scatter plot
of all the different samples that we
have in our data set and there are three
main samples so the green one is from
adult tissue the yellow one is from kid
tissue and the red one is from cancer
tissue
so here we could see that there's a
pretty positive correlation between
these two genes as there's like a
positive slope and that many of the
cancer
samples are in the upper right quadrant
which means that these two genes are or
have a higher expression level
um in different cancer tissues
for our second visualization the user
and inputs a gene so if you want to look
at erbb2 again and they also input a
specific cancer disease so if we just
choose this breast cancer one
um and hit submit it produces a bar
graph with the expression levels of this
Gene in different tissues of the body
and the disease that you choose is
highlighted red so here we could see
that this genus has a very high
expression level in this specific
disease compared to the other
non-cancerous tissues in the body
and finally the user is able to click on
any tissue they want to get a more
in-depth look so if we want to
click on the breast cancer tissue and
then go back to the scatter plot all of
the samples that are from a breast
cancer tissue are highlighted black so
the user gets a better understanding of
the dispersion of the expression levels
of that Gene for that specific disease
that they picked and